README.md, before:

# Spot App


**Find the perfect spot for any occasion!**

Need to find a coffee spot in a new neighborhood?

Are you hanging out with friends and want to grab a quick bite?

 
**Spot is here to help you grab a quick coffee on your way to work or find a restaurant to eat lunch with your friends!**


## Features:

**Location**:

-   Users enable Spot to work with their current location or enter a different zip code or city name.
-   When using Current Location, users have access to real location updates.
-   Users also have access to Apple Maps to get directions to their venue of choice.


  ![Getting authorization to use location](https://github.com/EliPeraza/VenueTips_GroupProject/blob/master/spot-location-app.gif)

**Multiple search options to meet the needs and preference of a wide audience:**

-   With a tap of a button, a user can  search predetermined categories.
-   Users looking for something more specific can use the search bar option, and narrow their search by type of venue and location.
-   Spot shows nearby suggestions for the adventurers out there as well!

  

**Save your favorite venues, like your favorite Taco place!**

-   Spot allows you to create categories where you can add your favorite venues.
-   You decide how to organize your categories and what to save in them!

  

**Live comments from users are posted in Spot**

-   Did you love the sushi at the restaurant? Share how amazing it was!
-   Amazing cappuccino at that hidden café? Everyone must know!
-   Went to a famous pizza place that takes only cash…? Let other people know that they should bring cash to enjoy the place!

  

## Development Team - appearance in alphabetical order:

-   [Diego Estrella III](https://github.com/Destrella3): Quality Assurance.
-   [Elizabeth Peraza](https://github.com/EliPeraza):  Tech Lead.
-   [Jabeen Cheema](https://github.com/JabeenCheema): Program Manager.
-   [Leandro Wauters](https://github.com/leandrowauters): UI/UX Designer.

  

## Next Steps:

-   Work on enhancing Spot’s design.
-   Add login and profile options.
-   Make it more dynamic, sync with social media accounts.

  

## Challenges and Learning experiences:

-   Utilizing GitHub branch and merging options for the first time was certainly a challenge. However, good coordination and communication resulted in reduced merging conflicts.
-   The group agrees that we could have dedicated more time wire-framing the app instead of jumping right into it. This might have had resulted in a more optimal UI/UX design.
-   We share our excitement about the opportunity to read, understand, and build on other developer’s code. Albeit the challenges this represents, it provided a unique opportunity to think about the importance of writing well organized code.

Commit message:

Added gifs and pic from demo day

README.md, after:

# Spot App


**Find the perfect spot for any occasion!**

Need to find a coffee spot in a new neighborhood?

Are you hanging out with friends and want to grab a quick bite?

 
**Spot is here to help you grab a quick coffee on your way to work or find a restaurant to eat lunch with your friends!**


## Features:

**Location**:

-   Users enable Spot to work with their current location or enter a different zip code or city name.
-   When using Current Location, users have access to real location updates.
-   Users also have access to Apple Maps to get directions to their venue of choice.


  ![Getting authorization to use location](https://github.com/EliPeraza/VenueTips_GroupProject/blob/master/spot-location-app.gif)

**Multiple search options to meet the needs and preference of a wide audience:**

-   With a tap of a button, a user can search predetermined categories.
-   Users looking for something more specific can use the search bar option, and narrow their search by type of venue and location.
-   Spot shows nearby suggestions for the adventurers out there as well!
-   Results are displayed in a map with annotations or in a list view.

![Display results in map or table](https://github.com/EliPeraza/VenueTips_GroupProject/blob/master/Spot_mapAndListView.gif)

  

**Save your favorite venues, like your favorite Taco place!**

-   Spot allows you to create categories where you can add your favorite venues.
-   You decide how to organize your categories and what to save in them!

![Favorite place and category](https://github.com/EliPeraza/VenueTips_GroupProject/blob/master/Spot_Favorite_places.gif)
  

**Live comments from users are posted in Spot**

-   Did you love the sushi at the restaurant? Share how amazing it was!
-   Amazing cappuccino at that hidden café? Everyone must know!
-   Went to a famous pizza place that takes only cash…? Let other people know that they should bring cash to enjoy the place!

  ![AddComments](https://github.com/EliPeraza/VenueTips_GroupProject/blob/master/Spot_add%20comments.gif)

## Development Team:

![Spot demo](https://github.com/EliPeraza/VenueTips_GroupProject/blob/master/spotDemo.jpg)

-   [Elizabeth Peraza](https://github.com/EliPeraza):  Tech Lead.
-   [Leandro Wauters](https://github.com/leandrowauters): UI/UX Designer.
-   [Jabeen Cheema](https://github.com/JabeenCheema): Program Manager.
-   [Diego Estrella III](https://github.com/Destrella3): Quality Assurance.

 -  *(Appearance from left to right )
  

## Next Steps:

-   Work on enhancing Spot’s design.
-   Add login and profile options.
-   Make it more dynamic, sync with social media accounts.

  

## Challenges and Learning experiences:

-   Utilizing GitHub branch and merging options for the first time was certainly a challenge. However, good coordination and communication resulted in reduced merging conflicts.
-   The group agrees that we could have dedicated more time wire-framing the app instead of jumping right into it. This might have had resulted in a more optimal UI/UX design.
-   We share our excitement about the opportunity to read, understand, and build on other developer’s code. Albeit the challenges this represents, it provided a unique opportunity to think about the importance of writing well organized code.
